Changed link on concurrency page (#4973)
dart-lang/site-www: src/language/concurrency/index.md

## How isolates work

Most modern devices have multi-core CPUs.
To take advantage multiple cores,
developers sometimes use shared-memory threads running concurrently.
However, shared-state concurrency is

> [error prone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_condition#Data_race) and

Reviewer: Thanks Paul! Opinions help a lot :)

> [error prone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_condition#Data_race) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[error prone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_condition#In_software) and
```
